#Install guide for Tracktime

= Linux / Unix Install Guide =

== Grab Necessary Packages ==

Fedora yum -y install: 
{{{
  python-formencode
  python-sqlite2
  python-sqlobject
  python-setuptools-devel
}}}
Then install web.py via
{{{
easy_install web.py
}}}

Ubuntu sudo apt-get install: 
{{{
  python
  python-pysqlite2
  sqlite
  python-sqlobject
  python-webpy 
}}}

== Setup the Command Completion ==

  # Checkout from source for now. Don't want to maintain packages yet.
{{{
svn checkout http://tracktime.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/ ~/tracktime/
}}}
  # Change directories to that newly created directory.
{{{
cd ~/tracktime/
}}}
  # Setup Bash Command Completion. Then copy & paste the following line for updating your .bashrc:
{{{
echo "source $(pwd)/completion.bash $(pwd)/" >> ~/.bashrc
}}}

== Prepare Backups ==

  # Staying within the same project directory, as created above in 2a, create a .backup directory.
{{{
mkdir .backup
}}}
  # Now add the following line to your crontab
{{{
crontab -l > crontab.tmp
printf "# Backup your TrackTime data\n55 * * * * $(pwd)/backup.sh\n" >> crontab.tmp
crontab crontab.tmp
}}}

= Windows Install =

I have not done a lot of testing on windows, but have built in support for Windows. Since the script is pure python, support of Windows is primarily the use of `os.sep` as well as special handling of the sqlite URI used by the `sqlobject` module.

Okay, so what that all means is Tracktime does work on Windows. You will need to install sqlite for Windows. My recommendation is to firstly install the python module `setuptools` and afterwards use the `easy_install` to install the necessary modules:
{{{
sqlobject
webpy
formencode
pysqlite2
}}}

= USB Stick =

I have also tested using Tracktime on a portable USB stick. You need to start with [http://www.portablepython.com/ Portablepython] and then simply follow the same procedure as the Windows Install. 

Eventually, I think running off a USB stick is the best option since you'll always have your time data with you. 
